# Stealthy 🐱‍👤

Stealthy is an app that allows you to send ETH to stealth addresses generated from known ENS name.

Stealth address is a one-time wallet address used to create more anonymity in cryptocurrency transactions. Because cryptocurrency wallet addresses are publicly available, transactions can be traced to that address. If your name - for example ENS - or other information is associated publicly with your wallet address, transactions can be traced to you. A stealth address acts as a proxy for your wallet address.

Stealth address is generated by performing Elliptic Curve multiplication of known public key - for example of an ENS address, with a random number. The sender can send coins to this newly generated stealth address share the random number with ENS owner, and the ENS owner can then access coins in the stealth address by performing EC multiplication of the random number with his ENS private key.

Stealthy runs only in your browser and uses XMTP network to share messages between Sender and Receiver.
As a receiver, the app asks you to enter your private key to generate the stealth address. This is a big no no and a very bad thing to do as a user. It was just the easiest solution to implement for a proof of concept app.

## Acknowledgements

Parts of the code were inspired by [Umbra Protocol](https://github.com/ScopeLift/umbra-protocol). If you want to send stealth payments, take a look at their [app](https://app.umbra.cash/).

## License

Stealthy is available under the MIT license.
